Before, after you made love, you and I finished making love, and you couldn’t see each other.
Now I want to finish choosing relationships.
I'm sorry for asking for our bodies a thousand times,
Promisor, you have gone too far.
Yesterday, I checked the luggage of Emperor No. 1.
Add to that the cancellation of the merger, which is already the last bit of human nature.
Without easy favors, you are useless.
I see, if you don’t have easy favors,
When the Meng family and the Ye family find out your details,
This is the day when you will die within.
Even if this is the case, then we can influence many people. You can make your own judgment.
What do you want
Only then can I miss my home
Made from scratch
I have to regret this accomplishment
It’s also a negative habit
Just agree to our conditions and don't say it's too late
Take over your Mu family
It's a perfect position
what are you